Retriever evaluation for k in: [1, 3, 5, 10, 100, 1000]
NDCG: {'NDCG@1': 0.07, 'NDCG@3': 0.07066, 'NDCG@5': 0.08218, 'NDCG@10': 0.09255, 'NDCG@100': 0.13832, 'NDCG@1000': 0.1696}
Recall: {'Recall@1': 0.04, 'Recall@3': 0.075, 'Recall@5': 0.1, 'Recall@10': 0.125, 'Recall@100': 0.32, 'Recall@1000': 0.54}
Precision: {'P@1': 0.07, 'P@3': 0.04667, 'P@5': 0.036, 'P@10': 0.023, 'P@100': 0.0057, 'P@1000': 0.00097}
MAP: {'MAP@1': 0.04, 'MAP@3': 0.05417, 'MAP@5': 0.05967, 'MAP@10': 0.06471, 'MAP@100': 0.07298, 'MAP@1000': 0.0741}
MRR: {'MRR': 0.1226}
Query : Ralph Hefferline was a psychology professor at a university that is located in what city?
Rank 1: 2423491 [F. Stuart Chapin] - American sociologist and educator (1888–1974)
Francis Stuart Chapin (3 February 1888 – 7 July 1974) was an American sociologist and educator; he was a professor of sociology at the University of Minnesota from 1922 to 1953.
Background.
He received his bachelor's degree from Columbia University in 1909, as well as his PhD from the same school in 1911.
Career.
He taught economics at Wellesley College for one year. He then moved to Smith College where he taught sociology and served as department chair (1912–1921). In 1920 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
He played an important role in creation of a quantitative, statistical sociology in the United States in the years between World War I and World War II (1920–40).
He also served as the 25th President of the American Sociological Association. He was a prime mover in the creation of the Social Science Research Council.
Legacy.
His grandson, F. Stuart Chapin III, is a professor of ecology at the University of Alaska.
One of his students was writer Myra Page.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 2: 11776776 [Urbanologist] - 
Rank 3: 35835931 [Martin S. Weinberg] - American sociologist
Martin Stephen Weinberg (born January 23, 1939) is an American sociologist whose work frequently involves human sexuality. His major areas of interest include sociology of the body, sociology of deviance and control, and interpretive sociology.
Life and career.
Weinberg earned a bachelor's degree from St. Lawrence University in 1960 and a master's degree in 1961 from University of Massachusetts Amherst. He earned his Ph.D. in sociology from Northwestern University in 1965. He began his teaching career that year at Northwestern, then worked as assistant professor at Rutgers University from 1965 to 1968. From 1968 to 1980 he served as a senior research sociologist at the Kinsey Institute. During that time he was also faculty in the sociology department as associate professor from 1968 to 1974. He became a full professor in 1974. He has served as visiting professor at State University of New York at Albany (1981), University of Maryland at Baltimore County (1985–1988), and University of Auckland (1998 and 2003).
In 1995 Weinberg received the International Distinguished Scientific Achievement Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality, which made him a Fellow in 1999. He is a charter member of the International Academy of Sex Research. In 2002 he received the Simon-Gagnon Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Study of Sexualities from the American Sociological Association.
In 2004 he won the Magnus Hirschfeld Medal for Outstanding Contributions to Sexual Science from the German Society for Social-Scientific Sexuality Research.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 4: 36534580 [Ronald Anderson] - American sociologist (1941–2020)
Ronald Eugene Anderson (June 14, 1941 – December 21, 2020), also known as Ron Anderson, was an American sociologist. He was a professor emeritus at University of Minnesota in Twin Cities where he taught sociology from 1968 to 2005. His early work focused on social and institutional factors shaping the diffusion of technology-based teaching. Since 2007, his work has focused on web-based compassion and world suffering.
Personal life.
Anderson was born on Flag Day, June 14, 1941 in Sikeston, Missouri. He was the second of four children born to Merlin Anderson (1911–2000) and his wife Eleanor (née Stafford; 1912–2009).
He traveled with the family to Africa. His parents' were medical missionaries in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from 1944 to 1953.
He graduated from high school at Upper Columbia Academy in 1958; then graduated from college at La Sierra University in Riverside, CA with a BA in psychology in 1962, and from Stanford University with a PhD in sociology in 1970. In 1968, he accepted a faculty position at the University of Minnesota where he lived and worked until retirement. He died on December 21, 2020, at the age of 79.
Ron was married twice and had two children, Gina and Evan.
Professional History and Honors.
During most of his professional career, Anderson actively contributed in three distinct disciplines: sociology, educational research, and computer science. While his publications reside within the intersection of these fields, he has received honors or awards for outstanding service from the principal professional associations of each of these three fields: American Sociological Association, the American Educational Research Association, and the Association for Computing Machinery. In 2001, he was awarded the Outstanding Service Award by the Special Interest Group for Computers and Society of the Association for Computing Machinery. In 1990, he became an invited member of Sociological Research Association; and in 2008, he became an invited Fellow of the American Educational Research Association. In August, 2012, the Communication and Information Technology Section[4] of the American Sociological Association will honor him with the prestigious William F. Ogburn Lifetime Achievement Award
Secondary (Re-purposed) Survey Data Analysis.
Anderson learned secondary data analysis skills from his mentor, Stuart C. Dodd at the University of Washington in 1963, and his advisor, John W. Meyer at Stanford University. Anderson applied these skills with John O. Field to study how ideology influenced presidential elections. The resulting paper, published in the Public Opinion Quarterly, was reprinted in several major political science texts and was discussed at length by Herbert Hyman, who considered the Anderson-Field link between theoretical analysis and creative mining of secondary data resources to be exemplary and a contribution to both theory and data analysis methodology.
In 1981, Anderson received a grant from the National Science Foundation to conduct secondary analysis of the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) of science and math. One of the papers from this project was published in 1984 and was the first report on the digital divide in the United States using large-scale, national survey data. The term digital divide did not appear in the literature or the media until 11 years later.
These results, with lengthy quotes from Anderson, who directed the US portion of the study, were widely disseminated in the popular media including articles in the New York Times, the Washington Post, Business Week, the Wall Street Journal, and Ms. Magazine. In the academic literature, Anderson is reported as “explicating the depth of the digital divide in shaping the adolescent life course.” While the media focused upon the findings of sex and income gaps in access and computer course enrollments, Anderson and his associates also found major differences by race and region. Thirty years later, researchers continue to find major gaps (digital divides) in the demographics of the use of information technology In 1981, Anderson founded and served as Director of the Minnesota Center for Survey Research. He served in that capacity for five years and started the Minnesota State Survey and the Twin Cities Area Survey, both of which are still conducted annually by the center, which is a unit of the University of Minnesota. During the next two decades, Anderson continued survey work but mostly cross-nationally, which is described in later sections below.
Computing Applications in Research and Teaching.
In the late 1960s, Anderson worked full-time as a computer programmer at the Stanford University Computation Center, now called Information Technology Services. Throughout his career as a sociologist, he also worked as a computer consultant developing applications for many educational, governmental and business organizations. Many of publications by Anderson (125 articles, 4 books authored, and 5 books edited) describe and critique the use of computers and new media in research, teaching, and learning. He also (with David Garson) has served as Co-Editor of the Sage Publishing academic journal, Social Science Computer Review, since 1987.
Simulation Modeling.
Anderson pioneered the development of two major simulation models. The first provides scenario-based analysis of the impacts of changing sentencing laws. This work started in 1979 for the Minnesota Sentencing Guidelines Commission and the [Minnesota Department of Corrections] (MDOC). It consisted of a [microsimulation] model of the effects of hypothetical changes in sentencing laws upon prison and probation populations. The model, now called the Structured Sentencing Simulation, is still used by [Minnesota] and [North Carolina] in prison population projections and “what if” scenario simulations.
His second major simulation work, between 2009 and 2012, addresses college student retention. He and demographer, Martin Spielauer, developed a computer model called MicroCC. It was developed under a grant from the [National Science Foundation], and has been applied to 250,000 community college students in New England.
Educational Software.
During the 1970s and 80s, Anderson pioneered educational software applications for social science teaching and research. He developed over 50 applications that were distributed by Random House, Longman Publishing, and Control Data Corporation. Some of the more popular titles include Social Indicators Game,
The Public Opinion Exercise: American Sexual Values and Social Power Game. The latter game received the NCRIPTAL/EDUCOM Higher Education Distinguished Software Award in 1987.
Lectures on New Media in Education.
Principally during the 1980s and 1990s, Anderson gave invited lectures on using new media, which includes educational technology and instructional technology, to teachers and administrators in both secondary and postsecondary institutions as well as national educational organizations. The latter included the Ministry of Education (Singapore), Japan's National Institute for Educational Policy Research, and the Ministry of Education and Research (Norway). Within the United States, his lectures included the National Academy of Sciences, Eastern Montana College, University of Akron, University of Dayton, Ball State University, and Eastern Michigan University.
Social Implications of Technology.
During the 1970s, Anderson published a number of articles on the ways in which the social context of computing shaped its use and development. In his writing on the social aspects and implications of computing, he persistently emphasized the need for research data for making decisions about the implementation of computer technology. The ACM Digital Library contains 33 articles by Anderson with a total of 982 citations and 617 downloads in 2012 alone.
With funding from the National Science Foundation to the Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium, Ron Anderson and Dan Klassen conducted the first large-scale survey, which surveyed the nearly 7,000 Minnesota high school teachers of math and science regarding their use of computers in teaching.[29] They found that in 1978, before the release of the PC, half of the teachers used computers in their classes and the social context and social attributes of the teachers determined computer utilization.
In 1982, then U.S. Congressman Al Gore invited Anderson to participate in the “Computers and Education Hearings” of the Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight of the House Science and Technology Committee in Washington, D.C., on September 29, 1983. The full Statement of Ronald E. Anderson before the Subcommittee can be downloaded from the ACM Digital Library.
The statement emphasized differences in the implementation of computer utilization in schools based upon social and demographic factors, and the need for local and national evidence-based accountability.
In 1980, Anderson became the founding Chair of the Section of the American Sociological Association that is now called “Communication and Information Technologies” (CITASA) Barry Wellman describes Anderson's organizing role as a stalwart of the technology movement within sociology.
In 1992, Anderson under the auspices of the ACM organized a conference on “Computers and the Quality of Life,” the first conference to link IT with quality of life issues. The Conference Proceedings is still downloadable at the ACM Digital Library and was downloaded 414 times in 2012.
In 2000, the Association for Computing Machinery Council appointed Anderson to represent ACM and the United States on the 30-nation Technical Committee (TC9) on “Relationship between Computers and Society” of the International Federation of Information Processing Societies (IFIPS). He served in that capacity for five years. The principal products of this international Committee during that time was to hold two symposia and collectively author a book entitled Perspectives and Policies on ICT in Society, which was published by Springer in 2007.
Code of Ethics for the Computing Professions.
During the 1980s, Anderson held several leadership positions in the [Association for Computing Machinery] (ACM), the principle association of computer scientists and computing professionals. He served as a Council member as well as Chair of the Special Interest Group on Computers and Society (SIGCAS) [His most important achievement within ACM was to chair the Working Group that developed the new ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. It was officially published in 1992 and remains the official ACM Code of Ethics. The ACM Digital Library Guide lists 2,393 citations of the ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct in the literature since 1992.
Following the publication of the new ACM Code of Ethics, Anderson wrote and published several articles on the ethics of computer work including an article on ethics for digital government. Pavlichev and Garson described his work as embodying the moral imperatives that are needed in the age of e-Government.
Social Dynamics of Technology in Teaching and Learning.
In 1992, coordinated by the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA), nearly 20 countries simultaneously surveyed (1) schools about the installed base of technology for K-12 instruction, (2) teacher practices for integrating technology into their teaching, and (3) students skills in using computers. Anderson directed the United States portion of the study.
Not only was this the first international assessment of ICT in school-based learning, but it was the first such study in the United States. The key findings were that school computers were more outdated in the USA than in most other countries in the study and the diffusion of computer augmented learning tended to be less prevalent in lower income school districts and in highly rural areas. These results, with lengthy quotes from Anderson, who directed the US portion of the study, were widely disseminated in the popular media including articles in USA Today, and Education Week. and many others.
Six years later in 1998, Ron Anderson (with Henry J. Becker) conducted another national survey of schools and teachers: Teaching, Learning and Computing.
The project produced 16 reports that were widely circulated. The principal findings of the study were that teacher professional identities, constructivist pedagogy, and instructionally oriented technology support were key factors in effective use of computers in teaching.
Second International Technology in Education Study (SITES).
Beginning in 1997, Anderson Co-Chaired the International Steering Committee for the first two modules of the IEA's Second International Technology in Education Study (SITES). Anderson continued with the SITES 2006 Study until 2007 when it ended.
In 2000, Anderson and Sara Dexter directed a large national study funded by the U.S. Department of Education, "Exemplary Technology-Supported-Schooling Case Studies," a project providing for the United States participation in both the IEA SITES Module 2 and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) "case studies of reform and innovation using information technology in learning." The results of this large study of innovative exemplars of teaching with technology for the United States can be found online.
Contribution to Theories on the Social Dynamics of Technology.
Anderson contributed to theories on the sociology of educational technology, especially in the areas of Diffusion of Innovations and application of Information Society concepts. In 1976, he published results about the diffusion of computer utilization among sociologists and in 1979 about secondary mathematics and science teachers. The former study found that while the time of adoption of computers in teaching followed an S-shaped curve as predicted by diffusion theory, the majority of applications used were not particularly innovative. In the latter study, he found that technology resources and social factors were about equally powerful in explaining adoption of technology in teaching. More interesting, however, in terms of theory was the finding that a substantial number of teachers had discontinued their use of the innovation, an aspect of the theory not yet developed.
A second area of theoretical contribution was that of theories of the information society, of which the concept of “knowledge society” is an extension. While Anderson began in the 1990s, applying information economy and knowledge management concepts to theories of what students would need in the 21st Century, his most extensive analysis was published in 2008. Anderson introduced the concepts of tacit knowledge and tacit knowledge demand to pedagogical reform with technology. His original notions of the information society paradigm are generally accepted among those concerned with defining 21st Century Skills. The acceptance of the concept of Technological Pedagogical Content Knowledge (TPACK) is a case in point.
Evaluation Research.
Anderson frequently received consulting requests to evaluate educational interventions and conduct [educational research], especially with regard to the role of [information technology] in teaching. Numerous clients include: [Control Data Corporation], [Xerox Corporation], the [United States Department of Education], and the Research Grants Council, Hong Kong. For example, he reviewed test items and research designs for the Australian Center for Educational Research helping them administer the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) project. In 2004 he spent two weeks working with the [Institute for the Promotion of Teaching Science and Technology] in [Bangkok], Thailand reviewing their IT-related projects and research needs. He also has worked with several SRI International projects, funded by the [National Science Foundation] to develop performance assessments and surveys related ion the use of Information and communication technologies in education by both teachers and students.
Expert Witness.
On several occasions, Anderson was asked to serve as an expert witness on issues related to survey research. From 2003 to 2005, he served as an expert witness for Mahoney &amp; Foster, Ltd on an advertising fraud case. His role included the conduct a survey of consumers of deer hunting products and critiquing the research quality of other surveys conducted.
Anderson also served as an expert witness on several Change of venue hearings. One was the trial of Marjorie Congdon Caldwell Hagen for the 1977 murder of Elisabeth Congdon and her nurse in her Glensheen Historic Estate. Another change of venue hearing in which he testified was a murder trial in which William Kunstler was involved. The hearing occurred on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in 1978.
Major books on computing and education.
The WorldCat Identities three of Anderson's books as held by over 400 WorldCat member libraries worldwide. The three books are: Computer Literacy, Academic Press, 1982; Computer Applications in the Social Sciences, (with Edward Brent) NY: McGraw-Hill, Inc., 1990; with T. Plomp, N. Law, &amp; A. Quale) Cross-National Policies and Practices on Information and Communication Technology in Education. Greenwich, CT, USA: Information Age Publishing, 2009, which was reviewed by Bhasin.
In addition, Anderson (with David Sullivan) authored the college textbook World of Computing (Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin, 1988), which was adopted by an estimated 660 college classrooms. Among his other authored books were: ICT and the Emerging Paradigm for Life Long Learning: A Worldwide Educational Assessment of Infrastructure, Goals and Practices, (with W. Pelgrum), which was published by the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement in 2001 and is available at: and Assessing Com¬puter Literacy, Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium, St. Paul, Minnesota, 1982. Coiro, Knobel, Lankshear &amp; Leu note that this original work on measuring computing from the standpoint of literacy was a ground-breaking direction in educational research.
Recent Research.
Beginning in about 2007, Anderson decided he could contribute to the common good by addressing larger societal issues rather than technology alone. He established the nonprofit Foundation for the Relief of Suffering, Inc. to develop and promoted the website WorldSuffering.org, and proceeded to write numerous articles and books on Suffering. Between 2014 and 2017 Springer published three of his books, all on suffering. The first was "Human Suffering and Quality of Life - Conceptualizing Stories and Statistics". The second was "World Suffering and the Quality of Life" in 2015. The third was "Alleviation of World Suffering" in 2017. The last two were anthologies including chapters written by over 25 authors in each volume.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 5: 6723546 [Sharon Zukin] - American professor of sociology (born 1946)
Sharon L. Zukin is an American professor of sociology who specializes in modern urban life. She is a professor emerita at Brooklyn College and the Graduate Center, City University of New York. She has been a fellow of the Advanced Research Collaborative at the CUNY Graduate Center and chair of the sections on community and urban sociology and consumers and consumption of the American Sociological Association Consumers and Consumption Section, as well as a visiting professor at Tongji University (Shanghai), the University of Amsterdam, and the University of Western Sydney.
Career and thought.
Early career.
Zukin's academic training was focused on political sociology. She had not taken any specific courses in urban sociology before being hired to teach the subject to undergraduates at Brooklyn College. In an interview, she describes how she first immersed herself in urban sociology literature to aid her teaching, and was later inspired to carry out field research by reading a newspaper article about manufacturers who were being forced out of their loft space in Lower Manhattan. I said, I could help them—I'm a sociologist. Their landlord should not throw them out of their space. So I went to down to see them and did a little survey about their situation. I wound up advocating in support of their cause with the local community board and the city government, and eventually that turned into the research I did for my first urban book, "Loft Living". And that's really how I became an urban sociologist—by doing research.
Other early influences include Walter Benjamin's 1931 essay "Paris, Capital of the 19th Century" and anthropologist Sidney Mintz's 1986 book "Sweetness and Power: The Place of Sugar in Modern History."
Theoretical and political orientation.
Zukin's research interests and analytical framework place her in the broad category of Neo-Marxist social thinkers. She began teaching urban sociology just as the “new urban sociology” was emerging, partly in response to a series of urban riots (many of which involved African-Americans reacting to police brutality or other manifestations of systemic racism) that took place in U.S. cities in the late 1960s. Widespread urban unrest in the U.S. and Europe prompted worried governments and agencies to increase the funding for urban research. Sociologist Manuel Castells and geographer David Harvey were two of the theorists influential in developing the new urban sociology.
Zukin's view, at least in 1980, was that “For most of their history, urban sociologists seemed to serve the interests of the state as much as industrial sociologists served the interests of capital.” She and other sociologists influenced by the new urban sociology intended to take a different course. In contrast to the prevailing Chicago School and its ethnographic focus on communities, immigrants and settlement patterns, practitioners of this new, more interdisciplinary approach were concerned with the role of the state and with analyzing how "urban space is produced deliberately and in response to the needs of capital."
Contributions.
Zukin's research and publications focus on cities, how they change and why, culture (especially consumer culture and art markets) and real estate markets, particularly in New York City. Her books trace how cities have been reshaped through deindustrialization, gentrification, immigration, and innovation. She also writes about the rise of the symbolic economy, which is based on cultural production and consumption.
"Loft Living".
Her first urban book, "Loft Living" (1982, 1989), is considered groundbreaking. In their 2013 book "Gentrification", Loretta Lees, Tom Slater and Elvin Wyly call "Loft Living" the most influential study of the development of “loft identity” and praise Zukin for developing the concept of the “artistic mode of production.” This refers to the way in which major local elites and investors have tried to use artists and culture industries to attract capital and stabilize precarious real estate markets.
Authenticity.
In her most translated book, "Naked City" (2010), Zukin develops the concept of authenticity, the roots of which she traces back to ideas about an authentic self (meaning a self that is close to nature) found in Shakespeare and in the Romantic philosophy of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. More recently, she says a craving for authenticity developed as a reaction to the modernist standardization and homogenization of cities that took place in the 1950s and '60s.
While Zukin understands the craving for the authentic and admits to acting on it herself, she says the problem is that instead of being attributed to people, authenticity is now understood as an attribute of things (such as beer and cheese) and even experiences, which can be consumed. This leads to authenticity being "used as a lever of cultural power for a group to claim space and take it away from others without direct confrontation, with the help of the state and elected officials and the persuasion of the media and consumer culture." Through these processes of displacement and gentrification, she argues, New York City "lost its soul" in the early 21st century. The solution she proposes is to redefine authenticity and connect it back to the idea of "origins," then use it to support "the right to inhabit a space, not just consume it as an experience." Nodding to Henri Lefebvre and David Harvey's "right to the city" concept, she argues that "authenticity can suggest a 'right to the city,' a human right, that is cultivated by longtime residence, use, and habit.”
Praise and criticism of Jane Jacobs.
While Zukin is often called a critic of the work of Jane Jacobs, she is also an admirer. Zukin has called Jacobs “the iconic urban writer, against whom other urban writers must measure themselves” and “the person who, against all odds in the mid-twentieth century, extolled the messiness, the grittiness, the tentativeness, but also the firm friendships of city life.” Zukin categorizes Jacobs, like Herbert Gans, as a “socially conscious intellectual” who “defended the right of poor people not to be displaced.” But Zukin differs from Jacobs in whom she considers the main antagonists when it comes to creating livable, equitable cities. Especially in her book "The Death and Life of Great American Cities", Jacobs blames planners and the planning profession for destroying healthy, functional neighborhoods through forced urban renewal programs and for generally inflicting a "Great Blight of Dullness." Zukin sees this focus on planners as largely misguided and unhelpful because for her, planners are “a relatively powerless group compared to developers who build, and banks and insurance companies who finance the building that rips out a city's heart.” But “for one reason or another,” Zukin writes, Jacobs “chose not to criticize the interests of capitalist developers who profit from displacing others.” Zukin also parts company from Jacobs on the role of the state. Jacobs was communitarian, according to Zukin, looking to the community rather than the state for solutions to social problems. Zukin, on the other hand, is a strong believer in the need for government to promote and protect equity measures, saying, “I can't emphasize enough how important laws are, zoning laws, rent controls, commercial rent controls”.
The Innovation Complex.
Zukin's recent book The Innovation Complex traces the emergence of the urban tech economy in the 2010s, relating it to the efforts of local governments to find a new growth engine after the 2008 financial crisis as well as to the rise of software, the increased importance of mobile apps, and tech companies’ decisions to locate near young people who were both producers and users of new digital technology. Although these processes have led to the construction of an idealized “innovation complex” in many cities around the world, the book shows in detail how these developments were carried out in New York and what they mean for the city's historical diversity.
Selected awards.
Jane Jacobs Urban Communication Award for "Naked City", Urban Communication Foundation (2012)
Robert and Helen Lynd Award for Career Achievement in Urban Sociology from the Community and Urban Sociology section of the American Sociological Association. (2007)
C. Wright Mills Award from the Society for the Study of Social Problems for "Landscapes of Power" (1991)
Selected works.
Edited books:
Education.
AB (Bachelor of Arts), Barnard College, 1967 
PhD, Columbia University, Political Science, 1972
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 6: 12099372 [Samuel A. Stouffer] - American sociologist
Samuel Andrew Stouffer (June 6, 1900 – August 24, 1960) was a prominent American sociologist and developer of survey research techniques. Stouffer spent much of his career attempting to answer the fundamental question: How does one measure an attitude?
Stouffer served as a professor of sociology at both the University of Chicago and Harvard University, and also directed the Laboratory of Social Relations at Harvard.
Biography.
Born in Sac City, Iowa, Stouffer received a Bachelor of Arts at Morningside College, Sioux City in 1921, then went on to earn a Master of Arts in English at Harvard University in 1923. He returned to Sac City in 1923 to manage and edit his father's newspaper, the "Sac Sun", until 1926 when he sold it and started his doctoral studies. During that time, he married Ruth McBurney in 1924, with whom he had three children. Stouffer earned his PhD in sociology in 1930 at the University of Chicago. His dissertation was “An Experimental Comparison of Statistical and Case-History Methods of Attitude Research,” supervised by Herbert Blumer. He then served as a professor of sociology, statistics, and social statistics at universities such as the University of Chicago, the University of London, and the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Principal works.
"Studies in Social Psychology in World War II: The American Soldier".
(Princeton University Press, 1949).
Stouffer and a distinguished team of social scientists working for the War Department surveyed over a half million American soldiers during World War II using interviews, over two hundred questionnaires, and other techniques to determine their attitudes on everything from racial integration to their officers’ performance. Their answers, almost always complex and often also counterintuitive, reveal individuals both defining and defined by their society and their primary groups. Stouffer's work in World War II led to the Expert and Combat Infantryman Badges, revision of pay scales, the demobilization point system, and influenced what appeared in "Yank, the Army Weekly, Stars &amp; Stripes", and Frank Capra's “Why We Fight” propaganda films. Additionally, it was Stouffer and his colleagues who during their research for "The American Soldier" developed the important sociological concept of “relative deprivation”, which roughly stated is the idea that one determines his status based on comparison with others.
The research was published in 4 volumes:
After Stouffer's death, the punch cards for the unclassified surveys used in "The American Soldier" were digitized by the Roper Center and are now available from the US National Archives; for details, see "A Finding Aid to Records Relating to Personal Participation in World War II ("The American Soldier"" Surveys)". Microfilms of the soldiers' handwritten responses to the survey questions are also held by the US National Archives and by 2019 were digitized as images so that they could be transcribed for full-text searching. Historian Edward Gitre wrote of this project:The handwritten commentaries the researchers preserved — photographed in 1947, and amounting to some 65,000 pages — capture for posterity converging and diverging plotlines that ran through the same organization. [... W]ith the indispensable help of volunteer citizen-archivists on the 1.7 million member Zooniverse crowdsourcing platform, the entire collection of now-digitized commentaries are being transcribed, so the public can finally access and read them.A 2013 book by Joseph W. Ryan, "Samuel Stouffer and the GI Survey: Sociologists and Soldiers during the Second World War" has been recommended "for those seeking an understanding of the World War II roots of modern opinion polling, an examination of the effects the GI Survey had on wartime operations, and an analysis of the place of "The American Soldier" in the historiography of sociology." It is an expanded version of his 2009 thesis ("What Were They Thinking? Samuel A. Stouffer and "The American Soldier"", Ryan 2009).
"Communism, Conformity &amp; Civil Liberties: A Cross Section of the Nation Speaks its Mind".
(Doubleday &amp; Co., 1955).
In the summer of 1954, 500 interviewers under Professor Stouffer's supervision polled a cross section of 6000 Americans to determine their attitudes on nonconformist behavior. Through both anecdotal and highly disciplined research data, Stouffer illuminated the attitudes of Americans to nonconformist behavior in general, and to what liberals considered the intolerance of the McCarthy Era in particular. Although he found no “national neurosis”, what he did find was that Americans remained mostly concerned about their day-to-day existence – an important discovery in the face of an increasingly mass-culture society. He also found differing levels of tolerance based on socio-economic factors.
Among his other major works is "Social Research to Test Ideas", (The Free Press, 1962).
Activities.
Professor Stouffer was a delegate to the International Conference on Population in Paris, 1938, President of the American Sociological Society 1952-3, President of the American Association of Public Opinion Research 1953-54, a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Association, the American Philosophical Society, Phi Beta Kappa, the American Statistical Association, the Sociological Research Association, the Institute of Mathematical Statistics, the Population Association of America, the Psychometric Association, the Harvard Club and Cosmos Club.
He also consulted with scores of private and public institutes, a partial listing of which includes:
Personality.
Stouffer is described by his family and those who knew him well as a gentleman of warmth, compassion, restless energy, high standards, depth, and a puckish sense of humor. His academic lectures, through which he often chain-smoked, were littered with allusions and quotations from Shakespeare, and these were often accompanied by baseball statistics. Deeply intellectually curious and impatient for survey results, Stouffer frequently sat by the IBM punched card sifting machine to see the raw answers to his queries. (These traits help to explain how he produced the classic "Communism, Conformity and Civil Liberties" so quickly). In his few free hours he favored Mickey Spillane novels and listening to baseball on the radio. His correspondence reveals a clear thinking pragmatist with a deep sense of responsibility to his society and to his profession. As James Davis writes in the introduction to "Communism, Conformity and Civil Liberties" (reprinted in 1992 by Transaction Publishers, New Brunswick), “Sam was a great sociologist….”
Legacy.
Samuel Stouffer's influence reaches well beyond military history and sociology. His work is cited in journals as diverse as Child Development Abstract, The Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology, and Commentary. His research has had a lasting effect on polling procedures and analysis, market research and interpretation, race relations, population and nuclear policies, education, and economics. Additionally, his clear, honest writing style, free of unexplained jargon and “bureaucratese”, remains a model of the simple, elegant use of the English language.
He also originated `Stouffer's Method' for calculating the significance of a combined result. If N individual p-values are expressed as
their equivalent number of standard deviations from the normal distribution, then the combined number of standard deviations is the total 
divided by formula_1. This appears as an obscure footnote in "The American Soldier: Vol I" but is now in widespread use.
Footnotes.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 7: 8123339 [Michael Zielenziger] - American journalist
Michael Zielenziger (born June 28, 1955) is an American journalist and author, and a visiting scholar at the Institute of International Studies, University of California, Berkeley.
Rank 8: 37819333 [Andrew Abbott (sociologist)] - American sociologist (born 1948)
Andrew Delano Abbott (born November 1948) is an American sociologist and social theorist working at the University of Chicago. He is the Gustavus F. and Ann M. Swift Distinguished Service Professor in the Department of Sociology and the college. His research topics range from occupations and professions to the philosophy of methods, the history of academic disciplines, to the sociology of knowledge. He is also the founder of the field of sequence analysis. He was the editor of the "American Journal of Sociology" from 2000 to 2016.
Education and career.
Abbott attended Phillips Academy at Andover, and majored in history and literature at Harvard University. During the studying (1967–1971) he also worked as research assistant for Roger Revelle at Harvard University Center for Population Studies.
From 1971 to 1982, he was a graduate student in the Department of Sociology of the University of Chicago. He defended his dissertation in 1982, written under the supervision of Morris Janowitz. The dissertation, never published, was a study of the emergence of psychiatry as a profession.
During 1973-1978 worked at Research and Evaluation Department, Manteno State Hospital.
From 1978 to 1991, he was on the faculty at Rutgers University and became an instructor to associate professor in 1986. He then returned to the University of Chicago, worked as a professor of the Department of Sociology and the college from 1991 to 1997, then became Ralph Lewis Professor in 1997, continuing up to 2000.
Abbott was master of the Social Science Division (1993–1996) and chair of the Department of Sociology (1999–2002). Until recently, he was also the chair of the university's library board, where he spearheaded the development of the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library, a ground-breaking structure aimed at making the ever-growing amount of print material more easily accessible to researchers.
Abbott edited "Work and Occupations" from 1991 to 1994. Subsequently, he was the editor of one of the two leading journals in U.S. Sociology, the American Journal of Sociology, from 2000 to 2016.
Abbott became the Gustavus F. and Ann M. Swift Distinguished Service Professor in Sociology in 2001.
Prizes and awards.
Abbott has received many awards for his work and service, amongst which are several American Sociological Association prizes. He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and received a Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Versailles - Saint Quentin (2011, France). He was also affiliated with University of Surrey at the Norman Chester Research (1990), and is still a fellow at Nuffield College at Oxford (since 1997).
Abbott was given several grants, such as NSF Anthropology Grant for "Optimal Matching with Cultural Data" as consultant (P.I. - John Forrest). NSF SES Grant for publication "Dynamic Sequencing Methods for Studying Turning Points in Criminal Careers" (CoPI - Robert J. Sampson), NSF Doctoral Dissertation Research Grants as PI.
In 2011 Abbott was given the Médaille de la ville de Grenoble.
Research areas.
Professions
Abbott is known for this study of professions and status. His 1988 book, "The System of Professions", is considered an important contribution to sociology. The book was awarded the "American Sociological Association"'s Distinguish Scholarly book award in 1991. In "The System of Profession"s Andrew Abbott explores central questions about the role of professions in modern life: through comparative and historical study of the professions in nineteenth- and twentieth-century England, France, and America, Abbott builds a general theory of how and why professionals evolve. Reviews of the book mention several "powerful ideas" that enhance previous work on professionals:
The arguments are illustrated by three historical case studies. First named ‘a fascinating account of struggles by librarians, computer programmers, operations researchers, and others over the “information” jurisdiction’ is reported to be an example of juxtaposition of professional histories being usually considered separately. The second case study (a comparative study of lawyers in the United States and England) ‘uses court cases on incursions by other professionals to track the nature of professional conflict’. The third one analyzes ‘the evolution of the personal-problems jurisdiction’ making an accent on the decline of the clergy and the rise of psychiatry.
The arguments have been critiqued as being subjective by a reviewer who said the model of ‘diagnosis, inference, and treatment’ is considered to be ‘only partially successful'. Secondly, Andrew Abbott’s insights ‘build on and complement … professionalization models rather than supplant them’.
Another point of critique mentioned is a way comparison of the volume's ecological view with the population-ecology's perspective is done: ‘First, the demography of professions plays a key role in the case studies… Second, Abbott’s call to focus on jurisdictions rather than occupations should be taken seriously by population ecologists, who ordinarily focus on organizations rather than niches. Third, the fates of many organizations and the professions that stuff them are intertwined; interdependence between the two ecologies deserves close empirical scrutiny’.
Methods and epistemology
Another aspect of Abbott's work deals with methods and their relation to (social scientific) knowledge. Abbott imported into social science computational techniques for analyzing sequence data—in particular optimal matching analysis, a technique that detects similarities between numerous sequences, hence enabling a quantitative approach to careers and other social sequence data. His book "Time Matters", published in 2001, is a collection of essays on the philosophy of methods that summarizes and furthers Abbott's main arguments on time and processes. The development of this set of methods has heavily influenced the development of the field of social sequence analysis. He provided the range of publications and has made 'arguments about the role of an event-focused “narrative' approach to sociology'. A “first wave” of applications can be attributed directly to his influence, which are summarized in a debate in the journal "Sociological Methods and Research" in 2000.
Academic disciplines and knowledge production
Abbott analyzed academic disciplines in two books, "Department and Discipline" (1999) and "Chaos of Discipline" (2001). The first book analyzes the history of sociology at Chicago and in particular the history of the "American Journal of Sociology". The second provides a systematic approach to the intellectual development of disciplines. With the reconsideration of 'how knowledge changes and advances' he challenges the idea of social sciences being in 'a perpetual state of progress' stating them cycling around 'an inevitable pattern of core principles'.
Abbott has written also about knowledge production in "Methods of Discovery" (2004 - a handbook for social science heuristics) and "Digital Paper" (2014 – a handbook for research with data found in libraries or on the internet). He analyzes the various ways of knowing and its relation to materials. The ways of acquiring knowledge and the foundation of knowledge is reflected in the both books: from heuristics analysis to the organisation of the research: The library research in the "Digital Paper" is broken down 'into seven basic and simultaneous tasks: design, search, scanning/browsing, reading, analyzing, filing, and writing'.
Processualism
Throughout Abbott's work runs the idea of a processual approach to the social world. This perspective, which is meant to offer an alternative paradigm to investigate society, is sketched out in a recent collection of essays
Reviews as Barbara Celarent.
For many years each issue of the "American Journal of Sociology" featured an essay reviewing an historically important sociology book, written under the pen name of Barbara Celarent, supposedly writing from the year 2049. The provided standard of sociological reviewer-ship is considered to be new because of executing the study of the works 'with a rare depth and seriousness'.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 9: 8707170 [Wigand Siebel] - German sociologist
Wigand Siebel (born 4 January 1929 in Freudenberg, Westphalia, died 29 August 2014) was a German sociologist.
Scientific career.
After his graduation, Siebel worked for the Social Research Center of Dortmund. In 1964, he was appointed a lecturer at the Ruhr University in Bochum. In 1965, he was appointed Professor of Sociology at the University of the Saarlands in Saarbrücken.
The following is his academic timeline:
He is the Emeritus Professor of Sociology at the University of Saarland.
Life.
Siebel was raised an Evangelical Protestant and converted to Catholicism a short time before Vatican II. As a Conservative Christian, he became involved with the Catholic Traditionalist movement resisting the adoption of the Modernist ideas into Catholicism as a result of the Aggiornamento and Vatican II.
Controversy.
The French Traditionalist priest, George de Nantes wrote in his "The Catholic Counter-Reformation in the XXth Century", #220, June 1989, page 20, para 1 &amp; 2 that Wigand Siebel and his followers teach that, with the Modernist apostasy, the Catholic Papacy has ceased to be or that it has come to an end, a teaching which contradicts Catholic teaching that is strongly emphasised.
Sources.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 10: 61716418 [Roscoe Hinkle] - American sociologist (1921–2013)
Roscoe Conkling Hinkle (March 13, 1921 – November 22, 2013) was Professor of Sociology at the Ohio State University and a noted analyst of sociological theory with whom many cohorts of graduate students studied theory. He joined the OSU Department of Sociology in 1955 and retired in 1986 as professor emeritus. He was also Professor of Sociology at Temple University during 1964–1970, rejoining the OSU department in 1971.
Hinkle was born in Union Deposit, Pennsylvania, in 1921 and grew up in nearby Hershey. He received the B.A. from Elizabethtown College in 1943. As a conscientious objector during World War II, he volunteered for the Minnesota Semi-Starvation Experiment in 1944–45. He received the M.A. in sociology from the University of Minnesota in 1948, teaching at Indiana University while completing the degree.
While teaching at Indiana University Hinkle met and married Gisela “Gia” Mann Hinkle, who also became a professor in the Ohio State Department of Sociology. They earned their doctorates in Sociology together at the University of Wisconsin, Roscoe receiving the Ph.D. there in 1952.
Hinkle's classificatory-periodizing scheme of American sociological theory, detailed in his "Founding Theory of American Sociology, 1881-1915", emphasized that "for theoretical analysis to imply or claim that the history of theory is merely the ideas of 'great figures' arranged in chronological sequence is not merely distortion, but in error".
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
