Retriever evaluation for k in: [1, 3, 5, 10, 100, 1000]
NDCG: {'NDCG@1': 0.34116, 'NDCG@3': 0.46473, 'NDCG@5': 0.49874, 'NDCG@10': 0.52748, 'NDCG@100': 0.56061, 'NDCG@1000': 0.56914}
Recall: {'Recall@1': 0.34116, 'Recall@3': 0.5511, 'Recall@5': 0.63367, 'Recall@10': 0.72178, 'Recall@100': 0.87433, 'Recall@1000': 0.94261}
Precision: {'P@1': 0.34116, 'P@3': 0.1837, 'P@5': 0.12673, 'P@10': 0.07218, 'P@100': 0.00874, 'P@1000': 0.00094}
MAP: {'MAP@1': 0.34116, 'MAP@3': 0.43482, 'MAP@5': 0.45369, 'MAP@10': 0.46569, 'MAP@100': 0.47274, 'MAP@1000': 0.47304}
MRR: {'MRR': 0.47304}
Query : who plays ivo on once upon a time
Rank 1: 29473090 [Michael Socha] - English actor (born 1987)
Michael Robert Socha (born 1987) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in the films "This Is England" and "Summer", and the television series "This Is England '86" and its sequels. He also appeared in "Being Human", "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland", and the second series of the BBC One drama "Showtrial".
Early life and education.
Michael Robert Socha was born in 1987 in Derby, Derbyshire, England, to Kathleen Lyons ("Kath") and Robert Socha. He is the older brother of actress Lauren Socha, star of the Channel 4 comedy-drama "Misfits". 
Socha was brought up in Littleover, a suburb of Derby, though for his secondary education he attended St Benedict Catholic School in the Darley Abbey area of the city. Socha was a rebellious pupil who often skipped school. When he was 12, his mother read about a play being cast by the Chellaston Youth Players. She asked her son and daughter if they wanted to try out for it, and both did. Socha's motivation for auditioning was his anger at being denied a role in the musical and his desire to prove his teachers wrong about his acting skills. He won the lead role of Bugsy Malone in the play. He acted in several plays for the group, but did not take acting very seriously.
Through teachers at Socha's school the family learned about the Central Junior Television Workshop, a free actors' workshop for young people from the Nottingham area. He enrolled in the course when he was 14, but was almost refused admission as he had failed to learn the monologue for his audition and was put in the "reserve group". His second audition went the same way, but the programme relented and allowed him in after a time. Socha says the workshop had a strong impact on him, and he began working hard at acting. His first professional role came when he was cast in a small part in a short film. He was quickly cast in several small parts subsequently, and hired an agent.
Socha's father had a long history of alcohol abuse, and his parents separated. In 2004, Robert Socha died of an alcohol-related heart attack. According to Kathleen, the death of his father made her son very independent.
Socha liked drama, English, and history courses, however, and received his GCSEs in those three subjects. He credits his teacher, Mrs Urquhart-Hughes, as someone who watched over him and motivated him.
His first job after leaving school was in a factory. He disliked it and quit, and enrolled at Burton &amp; South Derbyshire College, a further education college. He worked at two other factories after leaving school, as well as at a car wash. He also worked as a labourer for his uncle's bricklaying firm, mixing mortar for the bricklayers, but as he was constantly taking time off work at the last moment to attend auditions he quit working full-time and dedicated himself to acting.
Career.
Socha's breakthrough role came early in his acting career. In 2006, he was cast as school bully Harvey in Shane Meadows's skinhead subculture film, "This Is England".
In 2008, he was cast in Kenneth Glenaan's BAFTA Scotland-award winning film "Summer", where he acted opposite Robert Carlyle. The same year, he appeared in Duane Hopkins's film "Better Things" and the independent small-budget comedy "Dogging: A Love Story". He also appeared in three episodes of the BBC One medical drama "Casualty". In February 2009, Socha made his stage debut at Nottingham Playhouse in "Glamour", a comedy by Stephen Lowe. The same year, he appeared in an episode of the science fiction police drama "Paradox" on BBC One and in the made-for-television film "The Unloved" for Channel 4.
Despite his initial success, Socha was "penniless" and "waiting for work" for much of 2009 and early 2010, sitting at home and watching daytime television. His next big break came when Shane Meadows asked him to reprise the role of Harvey the bully for a four-part television series for Channel 4. The series, "This Is England '86", follows the lives of the film's characters three years after the events originally depicted. It aired in September 2010. That same year, Socha appeared in an episode of the television comedy "Married Single Other" as well as the film "Bonded by Blood". He also appeared in the "This Is England" Christmas special, and in a music video with American soul music singer Lauren Pritchard. In 2011, he played William Price in Helen Edmundson's adaptation of "Anna of the Five Towns" on BBC Radio 4.
Socha appeared in BBC Three's hit supernatural series "Being Human" in 2011, receiving good critical notice as the innocent young werewolf Tom McNair. He almost did not appear on the show. He missed his audition after a taxicab hit him and fled the scene while he was helping a friend move furniture across a road in Normanton. Although only bruised, he missed his audition and had to plead for a second chance. He won the role of Tom, a young werewolf who has been brought up in the wild by his father and taught to hunt vampires. During his time on "Being Human", Socha says he became good friends with Russell Tovey and co-star Robson Green. Socha has admitted that he can get carried away while performing some of his more physically demanding scenes. On another occasion, acting out a werewolf transformation in a metal cage, he almost injured himself after his physical acting became too extreme. He has received at least seven minor injuries requiring medical treatment and reporting to authorities.
Socha was upgraded from a recurring role to the main cast for the fourth series of "Being Human", after the previous main cast, including Tovey, left the show. The fourth series started airing in February 2012.
He also appeared in the music video to the Jake Bugg song "Seen It All" and in the music video to the Lauren Pritchard song "Stuck".
In 2013, Socha portrayed the Knave of Hearts in "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland", a spin-off to the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time". He also starred in Chris Coghill's film "Spike Island", based upon The Stone Roses gig of the same name. After "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland"'s cancellation, it was confirmed that Socha would be a main cast member in the fourth season of "Once Upon a Time".
He also starred in the film "Svengali" in which he played a guitarist in a band and in the film "Twenty8k" in which he played a drug dealer.
2016 saw Socha take the lead in the E4 series "The Aliens".
In 2017, Socha starred in "Double Date" and a remake of the 1973 film "Papillon", as well as playing King Richard III in the music video titled 'ill Ray (the king)' by British Indie rock group Kasabian.
In 2018, he played Bill Twist, the St Helens Town F.C. captain, in the film "The Keeper", a biographical story of the footballing life of "Bert Trautmann".
In August 2019, Socha played the main cast in the music videos titled “something about you” - which was written by Elderbrook and Rudimental. In which he played a member of a therapy group, which highlights struggles between males and showing the other side of masculinity to one another.
In 2021, the BBC announced that Socha had been cast as "King" David Hartley, leader of the Cragg Vale Coiners, in Shane Meadows' period drama, "The Gallows Pole".
Personal life.
Socha has a son with former partner Faye. They split sometime before 2016.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 2: 365365 [David Anders] - American actor (born 1981)
David Anders Holt (born March 11, 1981), known professionally as David Anders, is an American television and stage actor. He is best known for his roles as Julian Sark on "Alias", as Adam Monroe on "Heroes", as John Gilbert in the TV series "The Vampire Diaries", as Victor Frankenstein / Dr. Whale on ABC's "Once Upon a Time", and as Blaine "DeBeers" McDonough on "iZombie". Although Anders is American, a few of his roles have required him to use a British Home counties accent.
Early life.
Anders was born in Grants Pass, Oregon, to Dr. Tony and Jeri Holt. He has three older siblings: a biological brother (Arik), a brother (Jason), and a sister (Maili). He is of English and Norwegian descent. 
Anders began acting in school plays at a young age but spent most of high school playing sports such as basketball and tennis. When he was a senior in high school, at 15, he played Philip the Apostle in a regional theater production of "Jesus Christ Superstar". When he was 18 Anders won the part of George in his high school's production of "Our Town", then went on to portray Freddy Eynsford-Hill in a production of "My Fair Lady".
Career.
After moving to Los Angeles, he took the stage name of David Anders as another actor use the name David Holt. In 2001, he played a high school senior in the Olsen twins' series "So Little Time". Later in 2001, he landed the role of Julian Sark in "Alias"; originally a guest star, Anders was made a regular and lasted until 2006. Before his acting debut in "Alias", Anders worked at The Gap and taught tennis. Between 2001 and 2006, while working on "Alias", Anders made guest appearances on television shows such as "Charmed", "" and "Grey's Anatomy". Anders also worked in independent film, and was involved in several plays. In 2002, he played in the independent film, "The Surge". In December 2001, he appeared in "The Source" magazine in an ad for the rapper Canibus, in which Anders doubled as Eminem. In 2005, Anders joined the cast of "Beautiful", an Off-Broadway rock musical, as the lead. "Beautiful" was shown during the New York International Fringe Festival. In the same year, he participated in the film "Circadian Rhythm". In 2006, Anders worked on the horror film "Left in Darkness" alongside actress Monica Keena. In 2007, Anders played the role of ELI in the film of the same name, "ELI". 
He was then cast in a regular role in the second season of NBC's hit "Heroes" as Adam Monroe/Takezo Kensei, a character with the ability to regenerate. Anders, playing a British character, was once again called upon to use his British accent from "Alias". 
He also worked on two other movies: "" and "The Revenant". He also guest-starred in the eighth season of "24". He guest starred as John Gilbert in the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" in 2010 and 2011.
As of late 2011, Anders had a recurring role as Victor Frankenstein (as well as his Storybrook version Dr. Whale) on ABC's "Once Upon a Time". Anders starred as Troy Cutler in USA's "Necessary Roughness" and continued his role in "Once Upon a Time" in Season 3. Since 2015, he has portrayed Blaine DeBeers in the US series "IZombie". He also returned to "Once Upon a Time" for a quick walk-on scene in 2015, and again in 2016. In 2017 he returned for a nonspeaking cameo in the series finale of "The Vampire Diaries".
In June 2017, Anders revealed that "for kicks" he was in the process of recording his first album. The album, as revealed by Anders on Twitter, was produced by musician/producer David Poe. The EP was self released by Anders in limited quantities, with the single "Above Below" being made available for streaming alongside its music video (a tribute to Anders' late father) on October 20, 2022. 
Stage.
On stage Anders has played the lead role in the world premiere of "Rockne: The Musical". He also appeared in "The Diary of Anne Frank", in 2001, which received an award for Best Ensemble performance at the Back Stage West Garland Awards. In June 2018 Anders performed in along with Ruth Connell, Rob Benedict, and Jason Watkins. The play was presented as part of the 26th Annual Young Playwrights Festival. 
Charity work.
In 2006, Anders became a part of "Alias" and "Heroes" co-star Greg Grunberg's band, Band From TV. He sang main vocals alongside Bonnie Somerville. Hugh Laurie ("House") on keyboards and James Denton ("Desperate Housewives") on guitar were also part of the project. The band's main goal was to raise money for major charities; according to Grunberg, they "charge an incredible amount of money to play corporate events, but if it's all going to charity, then it's worth every dime".
In 2015 Anders appeared in a video promoting Stop-Attack, an app that aims to raise awareness and end domestic abuse. Anders was one of over 125 celebrities who supported the app, along with its equity owner Christina Milian.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 3: 3966355 [Julian Morris] - English actor (born 1983)
Julian David Morris (born 13 January 1983) is an English actor. After appearing in the British television series "The Knock" (1996) and "Fish" (2000) during his teenage years, he had his first starring role in the American slasher film "Cry Wolf" (2005). He subsequently had supporting roles in the thriller "Donkey Punch" (2008), the historical drama "Valkyrie" (2008), and another slasher film "Sorority Row" (2009).
Morris has also appeared in American television as a series regular on "Pretty Little Liars" and "Hand of God", and had recurring roles on "Once Upon a Time" and "New Girl".
Early life.
Morris was born in Crouch End, North London, and grew up in Muswell Hill. He is the son of South African-born Glen and Zimbabwean-born Andrea Morris, and spent a lot of time in both countries growing up. He has a younger sister, Amy, and is from a Jewish family.
Career.
Morris began acting at the Anna Scher Theatre in London. It was there, when he was 13, that a director on the British drama series "The Knock" spotted him and asked him to play a boy pushed into the drug trade. Morris continued his intensive training under Anna Scher for the next eight years. In this period more opportunities arose, and after appearing in several television shows, films and commercials, he went on to spend three seasons with the Royal Shakespeare Company, working with directors such as Steven Pimlott, Tim Albery and Elijah Moshinsky, and alongside actors like Simon Russell Beale, Samuel West and Roger Allam.
Morris made his US debut in the 2005 slasher film "Cry Wolf" as lead character Owen Matthews, followed by the role of James Edwards in the 2006 drama film "Whirlygirl".
Morris was next seen in the independent horror film "Donkey Punch" as Josh, critically honoured after its screening at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. He also appeared in "Valkyrie" starring Tom Cruise and the Sugababes video "Freak Like Me". Morris next had a supporting role in the slasher film "Sorority Row" as Andy. In 2010, he played the recurring role of Agent Owen in "24".
Morris was part of the main cast of the 2010 ABC documentary-style dramedy series "My Generation", playing "The Rich Kid" Anders Holt. Morris also starred in the teen drama "Pretty Little Liars" as Dr. Wren Kingston. In July 2012, Morris joined the ABC series "Once Upon a Time" as Prince Phillip.
Morris starred as Victor in the film "Kelly + Victor", which premiered on 16 October 2012 at the BFI London Film Festival, and was released theatrically in the UK on 20 September 2013. The film won the BAFTA Award for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer in 2014. The following year, Morris portrayed the lead role of Gareth in the fantasy adventure film "".
In March 2014, Morris was cast as Reverend Paul Curtis in the Amazon Studios pilot "Hand of God". The pilot was ordered to full series by Amazon Studios in October 2014. In August 2014, he landed a recurring guest role on the Fox sitcom "New Girl", playing Ryan Geauxinue.
In May 2016, Morris landed a major role in the film "" playing Bob Woodward, the Washington Post reporter who teamed with Carl Bernstein to expose the Watergate dealings.
In 2017 he played the part of Adam Berryman in the two-part TV drama "Man in an Orange Shirt" (part of BBC television's Gay Britannia season), opposite Vanessa Redgrave.
Personal life.
Morris lives in Los Angeles, California.
Morris's grandfather was captured by the Nazis during World War II and was sent to a concentration camp in Italy for two months. In April 2021, Morris said during an interview that he felt what his grandfather had gone through while performing in "Valkyrie".
On 2 December 2021, Morris announced on Instagram that he was celebrating his 18th anniversary with his partner, Landon Ross. Shortly after, it was reported that the two had married recently.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 4: 30421631 [Matt Kane] - English actor (born 1991)
Matt Kane (born Matthew Robert Kane, 18 January 1991) is an English-American actor, writer and director with US dual citizenship.
Early life.
Kane was born in Bristol and educated at The Castle School, and attended acting classes at the ITV West Television Workshop in Bristol, where he performed in numerous theatre productions and short films.
Career.
Kane is best known for playing the main role of 18-year-old Stephen Mackinnon in the BBC teen drama series "The Cut", alongside Samuell Benta, Lara Goodison, Connor Scarlett and Tosin Cole. He appeared prominently in the first two seasons of the drama series, but had a less important role in Series 3, appearing in four episodes out of twelve. His acting experience includes appearances in the BBC drama "Casualty", Channel 4's "Skins", the independent film "The Dinosaur Project" as Luke, Jace in ABC Family's "Switched at Birth" and as John Darling in Season 3 of ABC's "Once Upon a Time". His feature directorial debut "Auggie" was released by Samuel Goldwyn Films in 2019.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 5: 34142502 [Jared S. Gilmore] - American actor
Jared Scott Gilmore (born May 30, 2000) is an American actor and Twitch streamer. He is best known for his role in the series "Once Upon a Time" as Henry Mills.
Early life.
Jared Scott Gilmore was born on May 30, 2000, in San Diego, California. For two years, he attended John Robert Powers San Diego, a training school for actors, models, and singers. According to "Variety", Gilmore unintentionally began his acting career after running into talent representatives who were interested in his twin sister, Taylor. After many auditions, he acquired his first jobs through modeling T-shirts and acting in commercials. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Gilmore said, “Entering the film industry at a young age gave me a chance to mature and get a level of professionalism that is extremely helpful in our world. It’s an amazing experience being in the entertainment industry. I’m given a chance to influence people and help people in any way, shape, or form and it’s incredible.”
Acting career.
Before being cast as Henry Mills in "Once Upon a Time", Gilmore held minor roles in "Roommates", "Wilfred", "Without a Trace", "Eleventh Hour", "The Back-up Plan", and "Hawthorne". In 2009, he was cast as Bobby Draper in "Mad Men". He was the third actor to play the character, after Maxwell Huckabee and Aaron Hart.
In 2011, Jared left "Mad Men" and was cast in "Once Upon a Time" as Henry Mills, the adopted son of Regina Mills and biological son of Emma Swan. Series creators Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis stated of the role, "One of our emotional centers was an 11-year-old boy who had to be precocious and vulnerable at the same time." Kitsis believed that Gilmore "naturally brought [these characteristics] out... We just knew he had to be our Henry!" Gilmore commented, "I relate to Henry, because I'm 11 and also have a very good imagination. I enjoy making up and playing games in worlds with alternate realities myself."
At the 33rd Young Artist Awards, he won the Award for Best Performance in a TV Series – Leading Young Actor. The following year, at the 34th Young Artist Awards, he was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Series – Leading Young Actor. He was also included among the cast of "Mad Men" when it won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2010 for season 3. Since his appearance in the series finale of" Once Upon a Time", which aired in May 2018, Gilmore has retreated from the acting scene. His last known role was a voice role as the character Shalio in the English dub of "Code Geass Lelouch of the Re;surrection", which was released in 2019.
Streaming career.
In March 2019, Gilmore was signed to the Overwatch League team Atlanta Reign as a streamer, under the handle "CowboyBeBAMF". After leaving Atlanta Reign, Gilmore was signed to the Overwatch Contenders team Skyfoxes in February 2020. Since then, he has streamed on Twitch under the revised handle "Nightingale_Styx".
Personal life.
In November 2023, Gilmore announced his engagement to his girlfriend Jessica after four years of dating.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 6: 42480637 [Tim Phillipps] - Australian actor
Tim Phillipps is an Australian actor perhaps best known for his roles in the soap opera "Neighbours", drama series "Bed of Roses" and the movie "Animal Kingdom". He has also appeared in the American television series "Once Upon a Time" and "The Secret Circle". He provided the voice and motion capture for Dante in the video game "".
Early and personal life.
Phillipps was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He has a brother Josh, who is a television presenter, and a sister Libby. Phillipps attended St Peter's College.
Phillipps became engaged to actress Jessica Lee Rose in March 2016. They married at the Royal Melbourne Yacht Squadron in early 2017. Phillipps announced on 8 July 2019 that he and Rose were expecting their first child. Their son was born in September 2019.
Career.
In 2006, Australian teen magazine, "Dolly", held a competition offering two readers a chance to win a three-month contract with the soap opera "Neighbours". Phillipps auditioned, along with his best friend, Sam Clark, who eventually won the role of Ringo Brown. Phillipps was later cast in the recurring role of Fox, a figment of established character Paul Robinson's (Stefan Dennis) imagination. Phillipps went on to appear in "Bed of Roses", "Rush" and the Australian feature film "Animal Kingdom".
Shortly after moving to Los Angeles, Phillipps landed his first lead role in the US feature film "Liars All", playing a soccer player called Billy. Of the role, Phillipps said "This role gives me the opportunity to really break the mould and I will have the chance to be someone really different and push my limits." Phillipps voices the character of Dante in "".
Phillipps was cast as Prince Thomas in ABC's "Once Upon a Time". In January 2012, it was announced Phillipps had joined the cast of The CW drama "The Secret Circle" in the recurring role of Grant. Phillips made his debut as Grant in the episode "Lucky", which aired on 15 March 2012.
On 20 April 2014, it was confirmed that Phillipps had re-joined the cast of "Neighbours" in the role of Daniel Robinson, son of iconic couple Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell (Jason Donovan and Kylie Minogue). Phillipps hosted a documentary special celebrating the show's 30th anniversary titled "", which aired in Australia and the UK in March 2015. On 16 April 2016, it was announced Phillipps would leave "Neighbours", along with Ariel Kaplan on 26 April. Phillipps revealed that it was not his decision to leave the show, and that the producers chose to write his character out. Phillipps reprised his role of Prince Thomas during the sixth season of "Once Upon a Time".
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 7: 2741294 [Giancarlo Esposito] - American actor (born 1958)
Giancarlo Giuseppe Alessandro Esposito (; born April 26, 1958) is an American actor and director. He rose to prominence by portraying Gus Fring in the AMC crime drama series "Breaking Bad" (2009–2011), a role he reprised in the spin-off "Better Call Saul" (2017–2022). For this role, Esposito won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series twice and earned three nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
His other television roles include federal agent Mike Giardello in the NBC series ' (1998–1999), Sidney Glass / Magic Mirror in the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time" (2011–2017), Tom Neville in the NBC series "Revolution" (2012–2014), Dr. Edward Ruskins in the Netflix series "Dear White People" (2017–2021), Stan Edgar in the Amazon series "The Boys" (2019–present) and ' (2022), and Moff Gideon in the Disney+ series "The Mandalorian" (2019–2023), the lattermost of which earned him two Primetime Emmy Award nominations. He also portrayed Adam Clayton Powell Jr. in the MGM+ series "Godfather of Harlem" (2019–2023), acted in the HBO drama series "Westworld" (2016), and starred in the Netflix television series "Kaleidoscope" (2023), "The Gentlemen" (2024), and "The Residence" (2025). In 2025, he also had a guest role in the second season of the crime mystery series "Poker Face".
He is also known for his collaboration with Spike Lee acting in several of his films, such as "School Daze" (1988), "Do the Right Thing" (1989), "Mo' Better Blues" (1990), and "Malcolm X" (1992). His other major films include "Taps" (1981), "King of New York" (1990), "Bob Roberts" (1992), "Fresh" (1994), "The Usual Suspects" (1995), "Ali" (2001), "Monkeybone" (2001), "Last Holiday" (2006), "Rabbit Hole" (2010), "Okja" (2017), "Megalopolis" (2024), "MaXXXine" (2024), and "" (2025). He voiced Akela in the live-action remake of "The Jungle Book" (2016).
Early life.
Giancarlo Giuseppe Alessandro Esposito was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He is the son of Giovanni "John" C. Esposito, an Italian stagehand and carpenter from Naples, and Elizabeth "Leesa" Foster (1926–2017), an African-American opera and nightclub singer from Alabama.
Esposito lived in Rome, Italy, until he was five, when his family moved to Manhattan. He attended Elizabeth Seton College in New York and earned a two-year degree in radio and television communications.
Career.
Esposito made his Broadway debut in 1968, playing a child opposite Shirley Jones in the short-lived musical "Maggie Flynn" (1968), set during the New York Draft Riots of 1863. He was also a member of the youthful cast of the Stephen Sondheim–Harold Prince collaboration "Merrily We Roll Along", which closed with 16 performances and 56 previews in 1981.
During the 1980s, Esposito appeared in films such as "Maximum Overdrive," "King of New York," and "Trading Places." He also performed in TV shows such as "Miami Vice" and "". He played J. C. Pierce, a cadet in the 1981 movie "Taps".
In 1988, he landed his breakout role as the leader ("Dean Big Brother Almighty") of the black fraternity "Gamma Phi Gamma" in director Spike Lee's film "School Daze," exploring color relations at black colleges. Over the next four years, Esposito and Lee collaborated on three other movies: "Do the Right Thing," "Mo' Better Blues," and "Malcolm X". During the 1990s, Esposito appeared in the acclaimed indie films "Night on Earth", "Fresh" and "Smoke," as well as its sequel "Blue in the Face". He also appeared in the mainstream films "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man" with Mickey Rourke, "Reckless" with Mia Farrow, and "Waiting to Exhale" starring Whitney Houston and Angela Bassett. In 1996, Esposito was featured in a music video "California" by French superstar Mylène Farmer, directed by Abel Ferrara.
Esposito played FBI agent Mike Giardello on the TV crime drama "". That role drew from both his African American and Italian ancestry. He played this character during the show's seventh and final season, and reprised the role for its 2000 made-for-TV movie. He had another multiracial role as Sergeant Paul Gigante in the television comedy, "Bakersfield P.D."
In 1997, Esposito played the film roles of Darryl in "Trouble on the Corner" and Charlie Dunt in "Nothing to Lose". Other TV credits include "NYPD Blue", "Law &amp; Order", "The Practice", "New York Undercover", and "Fallen Angels: Fearless".
Esposito has portrayed drug dealers ("Fresh," "Breaking Bad," "King of New York," "Better Call Saul", "The Gentlemen"), policemen ("The Usual Suspects," "Derailed"), political radicals ("Bob Roberts, Do the Right Thing"), and a demonic version of the Greek god of sleep Hypnos from another dimension ("Monkeybone"). In 2001, he played Cassius Marcellus Clay Sr. in "Ali", and Miguel Algarín, friend and collaborator of Nuyorican poet Miguel Piñero, in "Piñero".
In 2002, Esposito was cast as a legal eagle in the David E. Kelley television drama "Girls Club." Although the series only lasted one season, and did not garner generally positive reviews, it represented a personal turning point for Esposito, who relayed to "The Washington Post": "I started to play bosses. And I realized, 'Oh, okay, this is an opportunity.' It was really a great opening for me to show who I really was. And it's kept going like that."
In 2005, Esposito played an unsympathetic detective named Esposito in the film "Hate Crime," which centers upon homophobia as a theme.
In 2006, Esposito starred in "Last Holiday" as Senator Dillings, alongside Queen Latifah and Timothy Hutton. Esposito played Robert Fuentes, a Miami businessman with shady connections, on the UPN television series "South Beach." He appeared in "New Amsterdam" and "". In "Feel the Noise" (2007), he played ex-musician Roberto, the Puerto Rican father of Omarion Grandberry's character, aspiring rap star "Rob". In 2008, he made his directorial debut with "Gospel Hill", serving also as producer and star of the film.
New York theater credits for Esposito include "The Me Nobody Knows," "Lost in the Stars," "Seesaw," and "Merrily We Roll Along." In 2008, he appeared on Broadway as Gooper in an African American production of Tennessee Williams' Pulitzer Prize-winning drama "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", directed by Debbie Allen and starring James Earl Jones, Phylicia Rashad, Anika Noni Rose, and Terrence Howard.
From 2009 to 2011, Esposito appeared in seasons 2 through 4 of the AMC drama "Breaking Bad", as Gus Fring, the head of a New Mexico-based methamphetamine drug ring. In the fourth season, he was the show's primary antagonist, and won critical acclaim for this role. He won the Best Supporting Actor in a Drama award at the 2012 Critics' Choice Television Awards and was nominated for an Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series award at the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards, but lost to co-star Aaron Paul.
Esposito appeared in the film "Rabbit Hole" (2010). He also appeared in the first season of the ABC program "Once Upon a Time," which debuted in October 2011. He portrayed the split role of Sidney Glass, a reporter for "The Daily Mirror" in the town of Storybrooke, Maine, who is really a genie trapped in the Magic Mirror, possessed by The Evil Queen in a parallel fairy tale world. Esposito would periodically reprise the role in later seasons as a guest star. Esposito appeared in "Revolution" as Major Tom Neville, a central character who kills Ben Matheson in the pilot. He escorts a captured Danny to the capital Philadelphia of the Monroe Republic.
Esposito also appeared in "Community" as a guest star for the episode titled "Digital Estate Planning". He performed again in the fourth season, in the episode titled "Paranormal Parentage". Esposito has additionally appeared in a video of the action role-playing sci-fi first-person shooter game "Destiny". Esposito voices antagonist Faraday in the Netflix anime series "" (2022). Esposito also voices Antón Castillo, the main antagonist of the video game "Far Cry 6", who was modeled after Esposito's appearance. He was also included in the videogame "Payday 2", as the supporting character, then antagonist "The Dentist".
He has joined the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series. He played Ra's al Ghul in "Son of Batman" and Eric Needham / Black Spider in "". He also had a recurring role in the first season of "The Get Down" on Netflix. In 2017, Esposito reprised his role as Gus Fring in the "Breaking Bad" prequel series, "Better Call Saul". In 2019, he appeared in the first-season finale of "The Boys" as Stan Edgar, and reprised the role in the second and third season.
In 2016, Esposito voiced Akela in the film "The Jungle Book", which was directed by Jon Favreau. Esposito and Favreau would work together once again in the Disney+ series "The Mandalorian" in which Esposito appears in a starring role, while Favreau acts as an executive producer for the series and as its writer. He plays the role of New York congressman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. in the 2019 Epix series "Godfather of Harlem".
In July 2020, Esposito began teasing his role in "a huge video game". His role was later revealed as the main antagonist of Ubisoft's "Far Cry 6", in which he would portray and voice Antón Castillo, the dictatorial ruler of the fictional Caribbean island country of Yara.
In 2022, Esposito played Taxi Driver in "Euphoria", a film installation by Julian Rosefeldt.
In 2024, he launched his first graphic novel, "The Venetian".
In December 2024, Esposito was announced as a cast member in independent drama "Out Come the Wolves", based on the Rancid 1995 album of the same name.
In February 2025, Esposito appeared as Seth Voelker/Sidewinder of the Serpent Society in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) film "". Esposito was added to the film's reshoots.
Personal life.
Esposito was married to Joy McManigal. They have four daughters. They later divorced. After his divorce, Esposito had to file for bankruptcy, and he considered suicide by arranging his own murder to provide insurance money for his children before being cast in "Breaking Bad". He was raised Catholic and considered becoming a priest.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 8: 47029977 [Sebastian Roché on screen and stage] - Tv Show Actor
Sebastian Roché is a Scottish-French-American actor and writer. His extensive television credits also include roles in "Fringe", "The Vampire Diaries", "The Originals", "Supernatural", "Criminal Minds", "Once Upon a Time", "Grimm", "Scandal", "", "The Young Pope", "The Man in the High Castle", and "Genius".
Roché's stage credits include the Broadway productions of "Salome" and "The Green Bird", and the West End production of "Tartuffe". He has starred in the films "The Last of the Mohicans" (1992), "The Peacemaker" (1997), "15 Minutes" (2001), "Sorry, Haters" (2005), "The Namesake" (2006), "Beowulf" (2007), "Happy Tears" (2009), "The Adventures of Tintin" (2011), "Safe House" (2012), "Wer" (2013), "A Walk Among the Tombstones" (2014), and "We Love You, Sally Carmichael!" (2017).
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 9: 483047 [Damian Lewis] - British actor (born 1971)
Damian Watcyn Lewis (born 11 February 1971) is a British actor, musician and producer. He rose to prominence portraying U.S. Army Major Richard Winters in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers". Lewis won a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his portrayal of U.S. Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody in the Showtime series "Homeland", and received nominations for his performance as Henry VIII of England in "Wolf Hall". He portrayed Bobby Axelrod in the Showtime series "Billions" in six out of seven seasons, and appeared in "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" (2019) as actor Steve McQueen.
Early life and education.
Lewis was born on 11 February 1971 at St John's Wood, London, the eldest son of Charlotte Mary ("née" Bowater) and John "J." Watcyn Lewis, a City insurance broker with Lloyd's. His paternal grandparents were Welsh, and he says he considers himself "London Welsh". His maternal grandfather was Lt-Col. Sir Ian Bowater, Lord Mayor of London. And his great-great-grandfather was the eminent naval shipbuilder and philanthropist Sir Alfred Yarrow, 1st Baronet (see Yarrow Shipbuilders), who was of partial 
Sephardic Jewish descent. His brother is writer, producer, and director, Gareth Lewis. Lewis has said that he "went to English boarding schools and grew up around people very much like [his character] Soames and in a "milieu" very much like the Forsytes'".
As a child, Lewis made several visits to the US to visit relatives during summer breaks. He decided to become an actor at the age of 16.
He was educated at the independent Ashdown House School in Forest Row, East Sussex, then Eton College, and graduated B.A. from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1993.
Career.
Lewis once worked as a telemarketer selling car alarms. His first television appearance was as a medical student in "Hickory Dickory Dock", a feature-length episode of "Agatha Christie's Poirot", an ITV Studios TV production, broadcast in 1995. He also appeared as a rakish student in an early episode of the drama series "A Touch of Frost" (1996). He appeared in "Robinson Crusoe" (1997) as Patrick Conner.
At this time he was also working as an actor with the Royal Shakespeare Company, playing among other roles Borgheim in Adrian Noble's production of Henrik Ibsen's "Little Eyolf" and Posthumus Leonatus in William Shakespeare's "Cymbeline". He would later go on to star in another of Ibsen's plays, as Karsten Bernick in "Pillars of the Community" at the National Theatre in November 2005.
He also appeared in Jonathan Kent's production of "Hamlet", playing Laertes. This production was seen by Steven Spielberg, who later cast Lewis as lead role Richard Winters, respected leader of Easy Company in "Band of Brothers" (2001), the first role of several that required him to have a credible American accent.
He was in the 2000 series called "Hearts and Bones" as the love interest of Dervla Kirwan. Subsequently, Lewis portrayed Soames Forsyte in the ITV series "The Forsyte Saga", which earned him positive reviews. He returned to the US to star in "Dreamcatcher", a Lawrence Kasdan film about a man who becomes possessed by an evil alien. The character is American but when possessed he takes on a British accent. On the heels of this role, he starred in "Keane" as a Manhattanite with a fragile mental state who is searching for his missing daughter. Despite the film's poor box-office, Lewis's performance in the role was very well reviewed.
He played Jeffrey Archer in the TV special "". Since 2004, he has appeared in a number of films, as well as the 2005 BBC TV adaptation of the Shakespeare comedy "Much Ado About Nothing", as part of the "ShakespeaRe-Told" season. Lewis played the role of Yassen Gregorovich in the film "Stormbreaker". In 2006, he appeared in Stephen Poliakoff's BBC drama "Friends and Crocodiles". He has appeared on BBC's "Have I Got News for You" as guest host several times; on 10 November 2006, 1 May 2009, 18 November 2010, 27 April 9 November 2012 and 31 October 2014.
In 2008, Lewis starred as the main character Charlie Crews in the American television series "Life" on NBC. The show premiered in the US on 26 September 2007 and was affected by the 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike. Only half of the first season's shows were produced. Regardless, the show won a 2008 AFI Award for best television series. Although the show received critical acclaim, when it returned the following television season, it was shuffled from night to night, and eventually cancelled by NBC to clear its time slot for "The Jay Leno Show".
Lewis appeared the following year in the lead role in "The Baker", a film directed by his brother, Gareth. Damian took a supporting role of Rizza in "The Escapist", which he also helped produce. He led the cast in Martin Crimp's version of Molière's comedy, "The Misanthrope", which opened in December 2009 at the Comedy Theatre, London. Other cast members included Tara Fitzgerald, Keira Knightley and Dominic Rowan.
Lewis played Tory Prime Minister Simon Laity in two seasons of "Number 10" on BBC Radio 4.
He played Gareth, the father of an 11-year-old Liverpool F.C. fan, in the 2011 film "Will".
From 2011 to 2013, Lewis had a starring role as Gunnery Sergeant Nicholas Brody in the Showtime series "Homeland", for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award. In 2013, he narrated poetry for "The Love Book App", an "interactive anthology of love literature developed by Allie Byrne Esiri".
In 2016 he began starring as billionaire hedge fund manager Bobby Axelrod in the Showtime series "Billions". He left the show in 2021 after five seasons, but returned for half of season 7. In 2016 he appeared in the British spy film "Our Kind of Traitor".
In 2024, he played a dual role as Peter Radley and his brother Will Radley, alongside Kelly Macdonald in the vampire comedy film "The Radleys".
Music.
In an interview with "The Guardian" in October 2022, Lewis said that he had long-standing ambitions to be a musician, and had been collaborating with jazz artist , firstly on cover songs and then writing new material for an album that would be released in 2023: "I started writing and found out there was lots that I actually did want to write, and before we knew it we had a record’s worth of songs. We’ve ended up with a rootsy, jazzy, rock’n’rolly, singer-songwritery-type album." 
Lewis released his debut single, "Down On the Bowery", on 13 April 2023. His debut album, "Mission Creep", was released in June that year on Decca Records.
On 9 July 2023, he sang the national anthem at the British Grand Prix, accompanied by a saxophonist.
Other activities.
In 2009 Lewis featured in "Inspired By Music", a book commissioned by the Prince's Trust, written and photographed by celebrity photographer Cambridge Jones, and sponsored by Starbucks. It features personal reflections by 36 celebrities as well as four ordinary people helped by The Prince's Trust, about musical lyrics that inspired them. Lewis's photo portrait also featured in Jones's exhibition "Talking Pictures", featuring famous people of Welsh descent, that toured the world from 2010.
In 2010, Lewis became a Trade Justice ambassador for the charity Christian Aid. In May 2006, June 2016, June 2018, and June 2022, he played for England in Soccer Aid, and played golf for Europe in the "All*Star Cup" in August 2006, both shown on ITV.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Lewis and his wife Helen McCrory supported Feed NHS, a fundraiser to give food from high street restaurants to NHS staff. By April 2020, they had raised £1 million for the charity. The initiative started in London, but following its success, plans were announced to roll it out to other cities throughout the UK.
Recognition.
Honours.
Lewis was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2014 for "services to drama" and promoted Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2022 for "services to drama and charity".
Awards and nominations.
Lewis' portrayal of U.S. Army Major Richard Winters in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" earned him a Golden Globe nomination.
Lewis' performance as U.S. Marine Gunnery Sergeant Nicholas Brody in the Showtime series "Homeland" won him a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award in 2012.
His performance as Henry VIII of England in "Wolf Hall" earned him his third Primetime Emmy nomination and fourth Golden Globe nomination.
Personal life.
Lewis suffered a period of depression following a motorcycle accident in north London in 1998.
Having previously dated Katie Razzall, Kristin Davis, and Sophia Myles, Lewis married actress Helen McCrory on 4 July 2007. They have a daughter and a son. McCrory died of cancer on 16 April 2021, aged 52.
Lewis is a supporter of Liverpool F.C.
Since 2022, he has been in a relationship with singer Alison Mosshart.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
Rank 10: 1031382 [Jorge Garcia] - American actor and comedian (born 1973)
Jorge Garcia (born April 28, 1973) is an American actor and comedian. He first came to public attention with his performance as Hector Lopez on the television show "Becker", but subsequently became best known for his portrayal of Hugo "Hurley" Reyes in the television series "Lost" from 2004 to 2010. He starred in the Fox television series "Alcatraz" and played a minor character on ABC's "Once Upon a Time". He starred as Jerry Ortega on "Hawaii Five-0" and can be seen in the Netflix film "The Ridiculous 6". He currently stars in the comedy series "Bookie". Garcia also appeared on the cover of Weezer's 2010 album "Hurley" in a close-up shot from a photo he took with vocalist Rivers Cuomo.
Early life and education.
Garcia was born in Omaha, Nebraska. His mother, Dora Mesa, is a Cuban-born professor, and his father, Humberto Garcia, is a Chilean-born doctor. He grew up in San Juan Capistrano in Orange County, California and went to San Clemente High School. He wrestled in high school, where he was given the nickname "Baby-Faced Killer". As a senior, he was selected by the faculty as "Triton of the Year", the highest award given to a graduating senior.
Garcia graduated from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1995 as a communication studies major. He also studied acting at the Beverly Hills Playhouse acting school.
Career.
Garcia spent six years working at Borders while auditioning. He was in a few commercials during that time. He later said that his first taste of street recognition came from starring in a Jack in the Box commercial which was aired frequently on local television.
Garcia was the first actor to be cast on "Lost" after the producers saw him on "Curb Your Enthusiasm" the night before casting began, and created the character of Hugo Reyes specifically for him.
Garcia appeared in the second episode of the eighth season of "Celebrity Poker Showdown," where he lost to Michael Ian Black. He was a contestant on an episode of "Russian Roulette" on Game Show Network. He missed a question about the Boxer Rebellion of 1900 and fell through the trap door.
Garcia is an associate producer and star in the independent film "When We Were Pirates", in which he plays Jerry, who along with a group of close friends, learns that his childhood love of playing pirates helps him overcome some of the difficulties he faces later in life. He is seen singing in the studio for the upcoming project on an officially released YouTube clip.
During "Lost"'s run, Garcia wrote a blog about the show called "Dispatches from the Island". He also hosted a weekly podcast, "Geronimo Jack's Beard", in which he discussed the script of Season 6.
Garcia is also featured on the front cover of Weezer's album "Hurley," released on September 10, 2010. The album is named after his character from "Lost". He performed as a guest vocalist at several Weezer concerts in 2010.
On November 21, 2010, "Entertainment Weekly" announced that Garcia was cast in the upcoming U.S. television series "Alcatraz". On November 22, 2010, Garcia made a guest appearance on "How I Met Your Mother"'s episode "Blitzgiving". In the episode, references are made to Garcia's time on "Lost".
In 2011, Garcia appeared as a recurring character in "Mr. Sunshine", portraying a caretaker at the Sunshine Center. Starting in January 2012, Garcia portrayed Dr. Diego Soto, an Alcatraz expert, in the Fox series "Alcatraz". The show was a mid-season replacement for Fox's "Terra Nova". The series was officially canceled by Fox on May 9, 2012, due to dropping viewership throughout its run. Garcia appeared on "The Nerdist" podcast posted June 18, 2012.
After appearing as a guest star in several season 4 episodes of "Hawaii Five-0", Garcia, who plays the character of Jerry Ortega, was promoted to a series regular starting with season five.
In 2015, he joined the cast of "The Healer" starring with British actors Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Camilla Luddington, and Jonathan Pryce.
Garcia launched a biweekly podcast with co-host Ralph Apel dedicated to kaiju films titled "Kaiju Podcast" on November 14, 2016.
In 2022, Garcia competed in season seven of "The Masked Singer" as "Cyclops" of Team Bad. He was eliminated alongside Jordan Mailata as "Thingamabob" of Team Cuddly.
References.
&lt;templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /&gt;
